Add `decorator-requires-scope` validation for @convenientAPI and @clientOption (#5119)
Azure/typespec-azure: packages/typespec-client-generator-core/src/diagnostics/decorator-requires-scope.md

This diagnostic is issued when a TCGC decorator that requires a language scope is used without one, or with an invalid scope.

## Impact

- **Area:** Language-scoped decorator behavior. The decorator may apply globally or to unintended emitters without a proper scope.
- **Decorators checked:**

>   - `@convenientAPI(true)` — must be scoped to `"java"` and/or `"csharp"`. `@convenientAPI(false)` is always allowed without scope since opting out of convenience methods is safe for any language.

Reviewer: **The documented exception does not exist in the implementation.** `validateJavaCsharpScope` warns whenever `scope` is undefined, regardless of the decorator value, and the added test explicitly expects a warning for `@convenientAPI(false)`. This page also repeats the invalid unscoped example below. Please either implement the exception or update the documentation to match the chosen behavior.

Author: oh thanks! that was from a previous implementation, i didn't clean it up well enough

  - `@clientOption` — must be scoped to any specific language

## ❌ Incorrect Usage

```typespec
// @convenientAPI(true) without scope or with wrong scope
@convenientAPI(true)
op myOperation(): void;

@convenientAPI(true, "python")
op anotherOperation(): void;

// @clientOption without scope
#suppress "@azure-tools/typespec-client-generator-core/client-option" "temporary workaround"
@clientOption("enableFeatureFoo", true)
model Widget {}
```

## Diagnostic Message

TCGC reports:

```text
@convenientAPI should be applied with a language scope of "java" or "csharp".
@clientOption should be applied with a language scope of a specific language.
```

## ✅ How to Fix

Provide the correct language scope:

```typespec
@convenientAPI(true, "java")
op myOperation(): void;

@convenientAPI(true, "csharp")
op anotherOperation(): void;

// @convenientAPI(false) is fine without scope
@convenientAPI(false)
op yetAnotherOperation(): void;

#suppress "@azure-tools/typespec-client-generator-core/client-option" "temporary workaround"
@clientOption("enableFeatureFoo", true, "python")
model Widget {}
```

## Suppression

> Suppress this warning only if the decorator is intentionally applied without a language scope:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Suppress this warning only if the decorator is intentionally shared by all emitters rather than scoped to one language.
```

Author: i don't understand this suggested change, i'm trying to move away from "client option" and just make this warning against any decorator that we want scoped being applied without a language scope

Reviewer 2: Oh, sorry, edited the comment.
